So now let's talk about AWS IQ.
So IQ is used to quickly find a professional
to help you with your AWS projects.
So the idea is that you're going to have
a lot of third-party experts that are AWS Certified
and they're available for on-demand project work.
So you'll use IQ to engage and pay them.
On top of it, IQ provides you with video conferencing,
contract management features,
secure collaboration and integrated billing.
So if you're a customer of AWS IQ, then you're
going to submit a request to describe your project,
and then it's like a freelancer platform, right?
So you're going to review your responses
and you're going to connect to experts
based on requirements and timelines and so on.
Then when you've shortlisted everyone
you can select an expert,
for example, based on rates and experience and so on.
And then you can work securely with that expert
by giving him access, or her access
securely to your AWS accounts.
And finally, once you're happy with the work
being delivered, you can unlock milestones
and then the milestones will be charged directly
into your AWS bill.
So instead of going to a random freelancer platform,
you can just use AWS IQ to find these experts directly
on this platform and pay from your AWS accounts.
And if you're an expert, then you would create your profile
such as who you are, your photo, your certifications
and then you connect with customers,
then you start a proposal,
and then of course if it's accepted,
then you work securely and you get paid
after the milestones are unlocked.
The other option to get help is to use AWS re:Post.
So this is actually a forum, okay,
so this is a community forum in which you find answers,
you answer questions, you'll find best practices
or you can join groups.
So it's an AWS-managed Q&A service
that's offering crowd-sourced expert reviewed
answers to your technical questions about AWS
and that replaces what used to be the original AWS forums.
So the idea that it looks just like, for example
if you know Stack Overflow,
someone asks a question and then you get answers,
some of them can be up-voted, some of them can be accepted
and they're reviewed by experts all the time.
So it's part of the AWS Free Tier,
so it doesn't cost you anything to access it.
And then if you're a community member,
you can go on this forum and start to earn reputations
to build your expert status and review other answers.
So you can get some good stuff
and some good reputation from participating on re:Post.
Then in case you are a premium customer on AWS,
and you do not receive a response from the community,
then automatically your question is passed
to AWS support engineers and they will answer your question.
So that's pretty cool.
And very important at the exam, you should know this,
is that the re:Post is not used to get
to questions that are time sensitive,
or to involve any preparatory action, okay?
If you need a help right now,
then re:Post is not your service.
So that's it for this lecture.
I hope you liked it.
And I will see you in the next lecture.